your son would lawyer how is he I need
advice from someone I can trust here she
is my aunt
that's quite a painting she was taken
off the walls of our home by the Nazis
since then she's been hanging in Vienna
now you'd like to be reunited and then
there's justice I never thought I'd come
back welcome to Vienna they're going to
put as many obstacles in your way as
possible
she is the Mona Lisa of Austria we will
fight you till the end for something we
believe is ours they destroyed my family
and they forced me to abandoned people
and the places that I left here to file
a lawsuit we're taking the Austrian
government to court have a nice day
all along you have swatted me and closed
the doors in my face this is a case of
one woman wanting justice people see a
masterpiece by one of Austria's finest
artists but I see a picture of my arm we
should be reunited with what is
rightfully ours
you